# Go API client for swagger

No description provided (generated by Swagger Codegen https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./swagger"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SchedulerSvrApi* | [**AddTask**](docs/SchedulerSvrApi.md#addtask) | **Post** /api/addTask | add a task to scheduler make it waiting for scheduling.
*SchedulerSvrApi* | [**FetchTask**](docs/SchedulerSvrApi.md#fetchtask) | **Put** /worker/fetchTask | this api is for worker. to fetch the same task_type&#39;s task from scheduler.
*SchedulerSvrApi* | [**GetTask**](docs/SchedulerSvrApi.md#gettask) | **Put** /api/getTask | get the task info from scheduler. [everytime]
*SchedulerSvrApi* | [**HeartBeat**](docs/SchedulerSvrApi.md#heartbeat) | **Post** /worker/heartBeat | the worker send heartbeat to the scheduler, to keep the task will be scheduled to this worker.
*SchedulerSvrApi* | [**UpdateTask**](docs/SchedulerSvrApi.md#updatetask) | **Post** /worker/updateTask | this api this for worker. After worker finished a task, upload the result to scheduler for saved.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddTaskReq](docs/AddTaskReq.md)
 - [AddTaskResp](docs/AddTaskResp.md)
 - [FetchTaskReq](docs/FetchTaskReq.md)
 - [FetchTaskResp](docs/FetchTaskResp.md)
 - [GeneralResp](docs/GeneralResp.md)
 - [GetTaskReq](docs/GetTaskReq.md)
 - [GetTaskResp](docs/GetTaskResp.md)
 - [HeartBeatReq](docs/HeartBeatReq.md)
 - [HeartBeatResp](docs/HeartBeatResp.md)
 - [TaskContent](docs/TaskContent.md)
 - [UpdateTaskReq](docs/UpdateTaskReq.md)
 - [WorkerContent](docs/WorkerContent.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

## apiKey
- **Type**: API key 

Example
```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAPIKey, sw.APIKey{
	Key: "APIKEY",
	Prefix: "Bearer", // Omit if not necessary.
})
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

## Author



